# PostureIntegration

A configured PostureIntegration.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**provider** | **str** | The device posture provider.  Required on POST requests, ignored on PATCH requests.  | [optional] 
**cloud_id** | **str** | Identifies which of the provider&#39;s clouds to integrate with.  - For CrowdStrike Falcon, it will be one of &#x60;us-1&#x60;, &#x60;us-2&#x60;, &#x60;eu-1&#x60; or &#x60;us-gov&#x60;. - For Microsoft Intune, it will be one of &#x60;global&#x60; or &#x60;us-gov&#x60;.  - For Jamf Pro, Kandji and Sentinel One, it is the FQDN of your subdomain, for example &#x60;mydomain.sentinelone.net&#x60;. - For Kolide, this is left blank.  | [optional] 
**client_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for your client.  - For Microsoft Intune, it will be your application&#39;s UUID. - For CrowdStrike Falcon and Jamf Pro, it will be your client id. - For Kandji, Kolide and Sentinel One, this is left blank.  | [optional] 
**tenant_id** | **str** | The Microsoft Intune directory (tenant) ID. For other providers, this is left blank. | [optional] 
**client_secret** | **str** | The secret (auth key, token, etc.) used to authenticate with the provider.  Required when creating a new integration, may be omitted when updating an existing integration, in which case we retain the existing password.  | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | A unique identifier for the integration (generated by the system). | [optional] [readonly] 
**config_updated** | **str** | Timestamp of the last time this configuration was updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [readonly] 
**status** | [**PostureIntegrationStatus**](PostureIntegrationStatus.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from tailscale_openapi.models.posture_integration import PostureIntegration

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PostureIntegration from a JSON string
posture_integration_instance = PostureIntegration.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PostureIntegration.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
posture_integration_dict = posture_integration_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PostureIntegration from a dict
posture_integration_from_dict = PostureIntegration.from_dict(posture_integration_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


